## this file is constantly being added to and corrected ##
## please forgive huge sections which are being edited  ##
# TAO
The Turtle Atlantis Organization,
 will remain a non-profit as long as the people allow the wealth of the people who implement Turtle Atlantis within resonable use and allow it to remain in the Heavens and not on the surface of the Earth.
The Dafa is a wheel for all to collect on their investment over time. Hopefully the time remaining allows the wealth of others to reach the world with hope of words of love from each other and a hope for the future.
The Turtle Atlantis Organization is a non-profit to help all current islands to develop or redevelop land or housing into a clean quantum maglev transportation, power, produce and water distribution. The centers constructed around current power stations to relieve crurrent geothermal energy that demands facking and/or to supplement current natural and to ultimately let municipal entities all over the world become entirely energy independant with superconductive radiant energy generators which draw energy from a quantum maglev system (which also feeds the cryocoolant to the maglev transit system for the converted homes and roadways) in an EMF shielded array of entrance points which can be connected and encrypted on the Starlink or any blockchain network which gives centimeter advanced LiDAR projections and relays to a quantum 5G network connected to the quantum maglev system. 
The maglev system is fed liquid nitrogen from an offset MUFON/NASA designed compression chamber which separates noble gases in segmented compression chambers of the same type of cryocoolant cooling chambers which allow gases a porcelian seive and nanomesh filtration system which precycled any slag or volatile temperatures before allowing any gases into an array of U-tubes and pressure release valves which dump high pressure into an offset cooling chamber as well during the initial cooling process.
The process of capturing the high-pressure gases and carbon particles are processed though a series of plasma gasification recycling units which separate high volatile gases which nanomesh filtrations at sub-zero temperatures in areas which gives a reading for the offset units to allow the regulation of gases passing through the initial separration compression chambers. The offset units which are housed in the same fireproof/ballistic proof hempcrete and polycarbonate materials are encapsulated and separate from all high-temperatures near the plasma gasification and are EMF shielded with Thermal Mylar on the inside of each layer. To provide an area free of any electromagnetic fields via both ionic capturing of the outside surface of the compression chamber though the hempcrete and limestone. This ensures that even if there was an actual gas leak inside an offset gas compression unit the surface of grounding aluminum strips or grounded foot covering worn at all times the inside of the compression chambers do not give off an ionic discharge or static electric shock inside a compression chamber to offset an internal combustion. The safety gas readings are always being uploaded to the NOAA, EBS and surrounding government regulated warning broadcasting systems worldwide which relays information on the same quantum internet 5G connection. This database notifies the NOAA of high/low-pressure weather patterns building up in areas of the surrounding oceans. 
This relay of information is sent to an sepparte array of maglev atmospheric water generation units which primary purpose is to use the cyrocoolant of the quantum maglev system to sepparate the high tempurature moisture and harness it on surfaces which are immediately transfering the liquid oxygen and hydrogen back to coastal shores to provide ocean distilination or other water treatment facilities supplemental clean water. This process will soon become the normal way to transport water back to the surface so the weather patterns can be controlled by the NOAA and weather meterologists the areas which would need to be cooled off to prevent a hurricane or tornado before the high-pressure moisture accumilates. The relay of greenhouse gases like methane which cyanobacteria emmits on a constant basis in the ocean are critical for oceanic maglev units to move into a position which passively captures the high-pressure atmospheric moisture and use cryocoolant liquid nitrogen from the quantum maglev system to create a natural ocean water run off from one quantum maglev offset unit to the next. This capturing of the ocean water eventually ends up to municipal waterways for local water filtration to occur for the surrounding forests, arid farmlands and the maglev surfaces will allow water treatment areas for hospitals and places which require a non-stop source of clean H2O available to any and all people around the world (including Flint, Michigan).
Creating a closed-loop plasma gasification recycling centers with re-intake valves to reprocess all the greenhouse gases inside of a maglev geothermal atmospheric water generators will help the oceans. The process for municipal wastes are broken down into several types of incenerations. Solid Waste Fuels (SWFs), Municipal Waste Fuels (MWFs which are separated into several filtration cooling and methane capturing facilities as well) and 
along with the capturing and recombination of sodium bicarbanate recombination with pure H2O to offer back to the ocean with allow the control of climate change to happen much quicker than the hot air all produce talking about wing turbines and solar panels.
which run the water or solid wastesto run carbon emmisions from the insineratiexhaust raw feedstock and high temperature the pressure of the rate will help current plasma gasification recycling facilities decrease their carbon foot print entirely within a double contained closed-loop system of noble gases and nanocarbon particles. Most benifits are the clean air surrounding landfills and supercells which need areas which not just cover the top soil but allow the gases trapped within the crust to naturally experience and clean closed loop of constant water irrigation to decrease the toxic chemicals which are illegal to touch in any way but does not condemn the natural rain to fall by the EPA. Nor does the EPA state that directed energy can not be used to divert or create rain fall in a certain area to help forests in California from experiencing arid droughts which cause forestfires. 
The non-profit revenues of the organization is left up to the elected juristictions of state and federal committees which alot by coucil members of voting before beginning as in any normal approval of construction before a house committee. These areas of interest will not only include areas of dry land but offer all kinds of terraformable prosthetic surfaces. Examples include top cities facing increased flood zone levels which cause millions of insurance losses every year, and hempcrete astro turf golf course type zoysia implementations which are bolted in sections around homes far underneath and surround current non-maglev surface homes the protection they need from forest fires as well and offer safe protection from heated areas to help the impact of the global warmth ). These arewhich act in accordance with a non-profit explained in chapter 29 of the United States code. 
Payments are conducted by seeing the developers of a prosthetic surface to the Earth protect homes and the lives of people while offering a clean source of H20 by combining liquid hydrogen/oxygen from hot greenhouse gas emmisions. This captured hot air is the first process in the  free energy. As ions are transferable either via force of electrostatic transferance or by allowing the collection of ions naturally from the atmosphere to find a superconductive source which collects the ions for power distribution in order to power a quantum state and stablize superconductive frequencies over an EMF shielded energy transformer/ maglev conductors. These will allow cell towers to direct signals instead of radiating frequencies over people and land which dries the air and when not maintained are known to cause fires.
The need of supplemental or main sources of clean power, water, food, transportation and an ballistic, water, fire proof AstroTurf printed surface which grows a grass length that does not need mowing. Electromagnetic shielding with aluminum alloys and/or redirectional ionic capture and exchange through the magnetic flux-pinned laser plasmic charged and encrypted projection sequence will greatly help Elon Musk and other EVs on the road become more maglev hybid vehicles as well as fuel dependant planes and other fuel dependant non-maglev vehicles. 
The atmospheric water generated and distributed via water surface irrigation routes after hot expanded air moisture which is also reintroduced as a Brown's gas or HHO non-volatile amount instance nanomesh extraction under cryocoolant temprature and pressure will allow Elon Musk, NASA and other to obtain an unlimited amount of jet fuel until their aluminum frames are quantum maglev efficient as well. 
All withstanding, the surface irrigation routes from the atmospheric water generators or AWGs will allow which allow ultrahigh capacity plasma gasification recycling plants a closed loop system of HHO gas and recombination at lower temperatures and pressures a source of unlimited on demand of clean H20. This is because the expanded air is first filtered through a pressurized gas compression field of graphene nanomesh filters which only have nanoparticle holes which have enough diameter for only certain noble gases to escape. This material is luckily obtained in mass quatities after the plasma gasification of cyanobacteria and other algea which when used as a feedstock and forced into a plasma reactore (EMF shielded ofcourse) will allow nanite carbon particles to be produced to create things such as graphene and nanite carbon fibers or even strong bulletproof polycarbonate to make sure the windshields of the future are reinforced inside the vehicle and help create an indestructable barrier around non-maglev vehicles of the future will coming from a non-profit organization. 

The nanomesh creation and the science of the manufacturing must be made as an open source platform which teaches safety around electromagnetic fields (EMFs)/plasma reaction fields and the dangers associated without shielding a superconductive field with metals in the same room like during hospital MRI or CAT scan.

flux-pinning later discribed)  powered by the same maglev system and microwave amplification can increase the evaporation and recycling of expanded hydrogen and oxygen in a cryocooling unit with nanomeshes to extract pure liquid hydrogen and oxygen inside several U-tube cooling chambers. The liquid forms or hydrogen and water recombine only pure liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen to create fresh water. This water would need to be run over filters of clean activated carbon, minerals, and other electrolytes to add water retention for viable human consumption. Other forms of water from sublimation of the cyrocoolant liquid nitrogen from wastes are recycled back into the clean nanomesh gas extraction units to avoid any contamination. Water regulations and testings are done by local municipal water companies at their own chosen location in safety compliance and limits. 
A voting regulations committee which is heard by transcribed voices of different regions and videos uploaded by all people with any help of sign language interpreters needed to allow all people to be heard before any changes are heard and then implemented in a particular region.
The reconstruction of the 3D designed and printed forms of habitable units should reflect the culture of the region and unit number should be readable to all at any entry point. It should be understood that the entry points while EMF shielded, do set off metal detection alarms to prevent weaponized units and the registered units do have numbers associated similar to drones and are not allowed to fly over flight plans or no fly zones which are pre-programmed to redirect traffic or deflect traffic not allow by air traffic control. The regulations are and should be adhered to in direct compliance to any and all safety regulations stated in the region of Turtle Atlantis redevelopment.
The failure of the dafa is the will of the control mechanism which says that people must remain on the surface and pay one entity and one 2D system of houses which are built upon the sand and do not withstand the natural conditions of this Earth. If at anytime that all the people of Turtle Atlantis wish to do away with the structures they then will be purchasable to other countries which hold the dafa as sacred to help all sentient beings.
If people wish to live anonymously their transactions will remain in the heavens for either virtual island property or quantum entangled housing to allow people to live in a self powered quantum maglev structure location will be anonymous unless the people register the drones with their government as an addressable unit. Quantum maglev drones move in accordance with local laws of the region where the habitats are allowed to reside as a hovering vessel or taxable permissible address to receive mail (ex. surface dwelling or home converted to quantum maglev). Anonymous transactions are left up to people to further develop the area of the peoples protected interests. The interdependent polarity and ballistic proof nature of the structures allow for people not to worry about being blasted by projectiles because the polarity is superconductive and sets itself in an isolated secured state. Surface dwellers are only allowed into habitats when docked at weapon free entry points and then rejoin the interdependent quatum maglev structures suspended to avoid earthquakes or any other form of volatile surface atmosphere with air quality and quarantine facilities which attract and direct the maglev units along the quantum magnetic field. The separate interdependent polarization of the units disallows any unit connected to the maglev system to avoid collisions and remain separate from the surface of the Earth. If cryocoolant depletion of liquid nitrogen from either a failed generator or leak would allow an array of sensor to alert habitats and the connected network to move the failing unit to a safe re-entry point to allow repairs and remain quarantined. 
 Unit purchases allow for additional operations for people to develop and grow habitats into a system that is suitable to the size of the people and allow the growth and beauty of the Earth to remain. The system is not meant to create more parking for cars are for buildings already on the surface to project upwards, but to develop areas which people find the arid land not life sustaining. The blockchain is decentralized to prevent any other government or nation from controlling the areas for mobility for the people which are technically marine floating on a liquid similar to a boat the people are subject to piracy laws at sea which is why it should remain weapon free and peaceful at all times.
 The non-profit freedom of information act to develop the copyleft free to own network is open for ideas and new technology from MUFON or any advanced research projects which help safe high temperature superconductive materials and cryocoolants which power the closed loop system.
 Atlantis will also like the Turtle Atlantis Organization will remain an independent state like Washington D.C. and the Vatican City. Similarly it will never be blackmail any nor condone the afor mentioned entities and previous acts. The horrid acts of our government of all the torture of humans in the Dark Arcanes/ Freemasons or illuminati cult practices which blackmail most politicians into obeying everthing that NSA regulates to news groups to keep the secrets of the Government of the United States or the European Government which tells Senators as well as Judges on how they will decide during court proceedings and how money is spent on news agencies like MSNBC, CNN, FOX and many other corporate funded news agencies to keep people misinformed all while projecting their very evil 1st admendment atrocities on other honest truth seeking podcasters and people who ask the very questions which help the military know that 'Where we go one, we go all...'. These committees will help people of all over the world to develop the independence of the people and state social funded aid groups and government agencies create a stable atmosphere pockets money which does not exist, but only to fund more blackmail practices. America along with the rest of the world has reached the limit of how much news media and disasters from the Earth it can stand while still standing around in the cold hungry, without food or water and still praying to a God somewhere to help their governments to protect them in some way which we all know will never happen because the worlds governments make money from how many people they kill with viruses and war not by how many people they save. 
